hey what's up YouTube channel friends
it's been a little bit since I've done a
personal update I had all the msi
content come out and you know obviously
I've done hot line League and whatever
but I didn't want to do an update
because a lot of people have been asking
me about the new setup and what's going
on and all that stuff so MSI went well I
will say Harris was a little rough there
was no Team Liquid a lot of my friends
were gone I turned 29 while I was in
Paris which one is just way too old I
know here comes to YouTube comments
about oh I thought you were 50 whatever
it turns 29 so one last year before I'm
in my 30s it was a little rough cuz I
was away from friends and and I I had a
great time an MS at MSI but I did miss
some of my friends and I do wish team
like we made it on to Paris thank you to
everyone thank you to everyone who
supported all the content that I made it
was really really helpful I know some
people will ask what this I did not
break even but I did not plan to I was
super happy to just go out there and
create the content for the people that
wanted to see it and a lot of people
said they appreciated that it was great
I was really happy to be able to make
that for you guys so thank you to
everyone who had a patreon who had up
the donation page it did all that stuff
to really really help me out oh and a
bunch of people you switch Prime subs by
the way too which was really cool like a
lot of you I think probably don't watch
twitch outside of just the gate like
watching wall-e sports or whatever and
so you know a lot of you guys I think
for the first time probably even hit up
my page my twitch page with the twist
prime sub that was super useful and by
the way I am streaming a lot more
especially during this downtime I'm
trying to do like little AMA streams and
obviously hot lightly get stream some
gameplay and all that stuff so I'm gonna
put my twitch page in the description
below almost done I know you guys want
to know what the title is
anyway I so I did move so after I got
back from MSI I moved I am
in an apartment a three-bedroom
apartment with a roommate different
roommate that I had before I'm gonna get
to that in a second and that Ruben and I
we we got the three-bedroom partially so
that I could take this it's actually
they say a three-bedroom it'd be hard
for so many thing to fit in this room
the smaller room which I'm turning into
an office and a studio because it was
really hard before I didn't really have
a space
I either turned the living room into a
studio which wasn't fair to my roommates
and then have all my lights up and do
interviews there it felt weird or I
would try to content my room which is
weird cuz I've got like a bed in the
background it was just not good so I now
have this dedicated space which I'm
gonna try and build out I need to add
soundproofing because right now my
roommate can hear everything that's
happening on the other side this wall
because the walls are not great um and
so I'm gonna do that we're gonna add
soundproofing we're gonna add some
acoustic stuff so that the audio sounds
much better because right now you guys
are hanging above an echo as my voice
but since all those walls are off of all
these walls so that's good
moving is exhausting by the way to never
move never move and also as an aside I
realized I have a lot of gaming
memorabilia that's just sitting in my
closets forever like the closet before
closet here I'm just gonna get rid of
some of it so to that end and to help
raise funds to build out the studio and
to help recoup some of the stuff from
MSI I'm doing an eBay they afraid of
mine helped list a bunch of different
stuff there I will put a link to that in
the description if you guys want to look
at some legal legends and Blizzard
memorabilia and a couple other random
things so that's there I'm trying to see
if there's anything else
oh I can't wait for summer split to
start that's gonna be really cool a
couple weeks away
I just love whatever I have it sucks to
lose my weekends I will be honest with
you but I really do enjoy going to the
studio and seeing all my friends there
and just like the constant stream of
content that hits the youtube channel
the stories that I'm able to tell you
know like I have to now most times have
like 15 or 16 videos a new youtube
channel in a single week which is crazy
for an individual so that is cool
finally let me show you guys something
so this is this is the studio space it
is a complete disaster right now because
I've just got moved and I need to get
stuff unpacked
you can see my tracer things just yeah
she slipped and fell anyway but this is
this gonna be no space there's me a
second desk here for somebody to edit
I'm gonna try and turn this wall over
here into a place where people who put
the couch I'm sorry I put a couch fit a
couch there for interviews and I can
like put some drapes up or whatever so
that it doesn't look like it's just in
this room you guys who watch this video
will know what is actually happening
don't tell anyone and so then I've got
my set up over here wearing streaming
all that stuff so Broden can edit this
will be a great place to do that and
just have like basically a room where I
can film content and pit up lights and
not have to worry about them blocking
anybody I'm really excited about it now
one thing that a lot of you probably
know is that I had a lot of different
roommates over the years pretty much all
of them esports related by the way just
I always end up living with eSports
people because they're friends and of
course those are the type of people that
you want to live with and I had some
great roommates at my old place but a
different place so different roommate
and and yeah I think you guys will see
pretty excited about it
I think he has a lot of potential he
might be able to actually make it an
eSports
you know he's like an up-and-coming dude
he has a lot of talent but I'm excited
to unveil at the end of this video who
my roommate is let's see let's go take
take a look
[Music]
oh my god it's right Kobe are you
recording
hello sale mimic game dude how was your
game going uh trying to forget jungles
okay is that um it got buff it's good
okay well um as you can see as you could
see he's got a lot of potential so we're
gonna I would be working with him for a
little bit we'll see where he ends up
but anyway that's luck thanks so much
for watching out